feat(changelog): functions-changed-incoming-change-for-dns-resolution 2024-11-12 (#3961)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/november2024/2024-11-12-functions-changed-incoming-change-for-dns-resolution.mdx

---

> title: Incoming change for DNS Resolution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: DNS resolution rate limit for Serverless Functions
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-functions channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-11-12
category: serverless
product: functions
---

> Starting 26 November 2024 a rate limit of 20 DNS queries per second for full DNS resolutions per Function instance will be applied. This limit only applies to queries that require a full DNS resolution, and is enforced independently for each Function instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting **November 26**, 2024, a rate limit of **20 DNS queries per second** per Function instance will be applied. This limit only applies to queries that require a full DNS resolution, and is enforced independently for each Function instance.
```

> This rate limit is set at a level that is well above typical usage, so most users should not be impacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rate limit is set above typical usage levels, so most users should not experience any impact on their applications.
```
